# Paper abstract

The COVID-19 pandemic has been an urgent topic of discussion in various media and social networks for a couple of years already. The lack of research and the rapid spread of the virus around the world only con-tribute to an increase in media interest in this topic, but these same reasons contribute to the emergence of many fake-news headlines and conspiracy theories.
The article presents a study of the media coverage of the COVID-19 pandemic in the framework of fake news and its comparison with real news. The concept of "fake news" does not have a single definition, but within the framework of this study, intentionally unreliable media reports, including propaganda, would be considered as such. Not only the spread of unreliable information by fake news, but the undermined trust in news and media institutions are highlighted in the literature as main alarming factors. 
This study is based on agenda theory, according to which media coverage of a topic has an impact on public awareness of it. Since the beginning of this approach, implemented by M. McCombs, it has generated many diversions. M. McCombs, together with L. Guo developed this theory and proposed to consider media and public opinion not just as two spheres influencing each other, but as homeomorphic networks consisting of news objects and attributes. The concept of a network agenda-setting gives us an opportunity to treat news as a media-discussion in which news topics compete for audience attention.
With the help of network analysis, the connections between the words most intensively used in fake and real news headlines were identified. Based on a database consisting of 3119 news, 2061 of which are true, and 1058 are fake or partially fake, an analysis of correlations between the most frequently mentioned words in the headlines was carried out, based on which networks were built to analyze the main topics of news related to COVID-19.
The main results were that fake news headlines have less thematic diversity compared to real ones and focus more on emotional presentation, while the real news has a focus on informative and versatile news with capturing more topics.
The study was conducted in an exploratory format and can be used as a basis for a deeper analysis of fake news related to the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, one of the prospects for the development of research is the expansion of the database, including taking into account the type of news source, news coverage, geo-graphical location, etc. The research can also be developed using additional data analysis methods, such as sentimental analysis and ERGM models.
